README.md, before:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=6f2e6d&height=120&section=header"/>

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?color=c95ac6&size=35&center=true&vCenter=true&width=1000&lines=Hi,+my+name+is+Alice+Gama;Welcome+to+my+GitHub!)](https://git.io/typing-svg) 

## Software Engineer | Frontend, Mobile & Python Automation

- Building modern and scalable interfaces with **React.js, Next.js, and React Native**  
- Mobile development with **React Native + Expo**  
- Automation and scripting with **Python**  
- Focused on delivering impactful solutions with clean code and strong architecture  
- Continuously evolving as a Software Engineer, combining technical excellence with real-world impact  

<div align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alice-gama-75913022a/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
   <a href="https://gamaalice.github.io/dev-portfolio" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Portfolio-%23c95ac6?style=for-the-badge&logo=web&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio">
  </a>
</div>

---

### Most Used Languages
<div align="center">
  <img height="195px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gamaalice&layout=compact&langs_count=10&hide_border=true&title_color=c95ac6&text_color=c95ac6&bg_color=0d1117" alt="Most Used Languages"/>
</div>

---

### Main Languages
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&labelColor=0D1117)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=1572B6&labelColor=0D1117)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&labelColor=0D1117)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&labelColor=0D1117)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&labelColor=0D1117)

---

### Tools & Frameworks
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&labelColor=0D1117)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&labelColor=0D1117)
![ReactNative](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactNative-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=reactnative&labelColor=0D1117)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Expo-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&labelColor=0D1117)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=38BDF8&labelColor=0D1117)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&labelColor=0D1117)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&labelColor=0D1117)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&labelColor=0D1117)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&labelColor=0D1117)

---

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=6f2e6d&height=120&section=footer"/>

Commit message:

Revise skills and objectives in README.md
Updated skills and professional objectives in README.

README.md, after:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=6f2e6d&height=120&section=header"/>

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?color=c95ac6&size=35&center=true&vCenter=true&width=1000&lines=Hi,+my+name+is+Alice+Gama;Welcome+to+my+GitHub!)](https://git.io/typing-svg) 

## Software Engineer | Frontend, Mobile & Python Automation

- Development of modern, scalable user interfaces using React.js, Next.js, and TypeScript
- Mobile application development with React Native and Expo
- Automation and scripting solutions developed in Python
- Strong focus on delivering impactful solutions supported by robust architectural principles
- Professional objective centered on risk anticipation and continuous workflow optimization

<div align="center">  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/alice-gama-75913022a/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
   <a href="https://gamaalice.github.io/dev-portfolio" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Portfolio-%23c95ac6?style=for-the-badge&logo=web&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio">
  </a>
</div>

---

### Most Used Languages
<div align="center">
  <img height="195px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gamaalice&layout=compact&langs_count=10&hide_border=true&title_color=c95ac6&text_color=c95ac6&bg_color=0d1117" alt="Most Used Languages"/>
</div>

---

### Main Languages
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&labelColor=0D1117)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=1572B6&labelColor=0D1117)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&labelColor=0D1117)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&labelColor=0D1117)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&labelColor=0D1117)

---

### Tools & Frameworks
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&labelColor=0D1117)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&labelColor=0D1117)
![ReactNative](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactNative-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=reactnative&labelColor=0D1117)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Expo-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&labelColor=0D1117)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=38BDF8&labelColor=0D1117)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&labelColor=0D1117)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&labelColor=0D1117)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&labelColor=0D1117)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VS%20Code-0D1117?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&labelColor=0D1117)

---

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=6f2e6d&height=120&section=footer"/>
